massive scale like armor huge height
courtesy of its crane arm and an
intimidating bulldozer blade at the
front this is a mega machine and
something that I'm gonna take for a spin
so the machine of this size what kind of
creature is it going to be standing in
for well I give you spinosaurus at an
incredible 17 meters long a full car
length longer than t-rex Spinosaurus was
an immense predator
with teeth like a super-sized crocodile
forearms to floor a Tyrannosaur plus the
dramatic sail running down its spine
this was the biggest carnivore ever to
have walked the earth while it's bike
Forks didn't quite match that t-rex will
let it off after all they had a few
other secret skills
more scientists have studied spinosaurus
and the more we've found out about its
secrets the more remarkable and animal
it turns out to be so its arms are much
more developed than those of t-rex they
had enormous great big claws but you
could have used to catch its prey it was
very very robust very able to cover all
kinds of terrain it could go up it could
go down but it had one more advantage
over all of its rivals Spinosaurus was
just as at home on land and in the water
if anything spinosaurus became even more
deadly in the water catching sawfish as
long as two cars before ripping them to
shreds with its formidable forearms but
in a recent twist scientists have begun
to think that Spinosaurus may not have
just wandered into the water it may have
lived there evolving into a terrifying
aquatic killer
truth is we may never know but one thing
we can all agree on
it was definitely deadly with huge size
terrifying flaws and the ability to go
aquatic Spinosaurus was a force to be
feared the big question which one of
these animals with one in a fight well
Allosaurus lived millions of years
earlier it wouldn't even a fit around
for these two that's a much more
difficult question Spinosaurus would
have dominated in the swamps and at the
edges of lakes and streams and rivers
and it was a bigger animal but in a
fight sheer size can be outgunned by
superior firepower and it's here that
the real differences lie while spinous
claws were impressive its teeth were not
as killer as T Rex's dagger-like
dentition
and then there's the bike course where
t-rex's incredible six ton bike was
three times stronger than Spinosaurus
and with a comparison like that there
can only be one winner t-rex was in
every way more powerful there is a
reason why this is the most iconic of
all the dinosaurs probably the deadliest
animal ever
- blimp t-rex the king of the killers